Clarify requirement prohibiting subdomains (#589)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/deployment/landing_page.rst

URL and Location
----------------

Your *Landing Page* must be a path at your top-level domain, e.g. 
organization.com/securedrop, rather than a subdomain (e.g., 

> securedrop.organization.com). This is because TLS does not encrypt the hostname,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
securedrop.organization.com). This is because DNS and TLS do not always encrypt the hostname,
```

ECH (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication#Encrypted_Client_Hello) has started rollout, so it's no longer an absolute if people do have DoH/DoT enabled
